# Short Documentation:

This application is written in Python. Splits videos to meaningful parts and recommends parts according to parts of users watched. It uses Google APIs to get the text from the video and classify possible parts of video which are separated from this text. Flask micro-framework is used to create a user client.

## Output Folder:

This folder contains data as a csv format that collected during classification process.

* In *classification* folder, we can see classified videos and the size of parts.  
The format of file: ""<video_id>_<size_of_parts>.csv"  
Header of data: video_id, index, no_list, time, categories, part

* In *db* folder, we can see how parts (in this case those are *scenes* that are merged parts) are stored in database.  
Header of data: video_id, part_id, category, keywords, part_url, time, text

* In *merged* folder, we can see the merged parts (*scenes* that are classified with a tag). "no_list" feature shows us which parts are merged for this scene.  
Header of data: video_id, index, no_list, time, categories, part


* In *part* folder, we can see all parts for only one video.  
Header of data: video_id, part_id, category, keywords, part_url, time, text



## Files:
* *keyword_extract.py :*  
Keyword Extraction for subtitles.

* *Main.y :*  
The trigger script that makes everything run.

* *videos.in :*
The selected subtitles that will used to classify in subtitles folder.

* *Video.py :*  
  This file has multiple classes for system. It is created as kind of a package. Classes are listed below:  

  * **Video_Database**  
  Adapter for database
  * **Video**  
  Identical information about a video and all processes that can applicable for a video.
  * **Subtitle**  
  One subtitle entity and its methods.
  * **Subtitle_Tuple**  
  * **Subtitle_Text**  
  * **Scene_Tuple**  
  This class stores multiple parts of subtitles.
  * **Time_Scale**  
  Definition of time scale entity for all video parts.  
  * **Video_Classification**  
  Classifies a video parts by splitting videos to it small parts which will be used to create "Classified Scenes". Classified Scenes are the last products of this application. After getting scenes, they will be used to create recommendation to users.
  * **Merged_Results**  
  Merged results are the *scenes* that we get by merging closest similar classified parts.
  * **Merge_Handler**  
  Handler that has only static methods and is created for only part merging process.
  * **Parts**  
  The Class which stores all *scenes*.  
  * **Part_Tuple**  
  Stores only one *scene* and the processes that can make with scenes.

* *text-classification-service-account.json :*  
The file that provided and auto-generated by Google API.

## Flask Module

In the flask_module folder, you can find the back-end code which is in Python Flask Microframework and front-end application design codes.
